feat： add a params in getDeputyNodeList (#77)
LemoFoundationLtd/lemo-core-sdk: README.md

lemo.getDeputyNodeList()
```
Get information of current deputy nodes

> If true obtains consensus node information that can currently be signed for block campaigns, false gets the currently elected consensus node information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If true it returns deputy node information of who can currently sign blocks, false returns who has become deputy node from candidate in current stable state.
```

##### Parameters

> 1. `boolean` - （Optional.）Whether it is the only signer of the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `boolean` - （Optional.）Whether to return only block signers.
```
